Know it's time to actually create are ready for a spring board application.
To do that let's just fire up the intelligence first
OK.
Now let's click Create new project
and as you can see idea provided as a window that has spring initialiser spring initialiser is what
we're going to use to create our project and all the other projects that we're going to develop in the
future.
Before I go into details of initialiser Now let's just create our project and I'll tell you more about
in the next section.
So as you can see we're going to select our SDK and you can choose the version that you installed on
your machine.
Initialiser is using a u r l it's start spring Daddy-O so you can just leave all as is.
And now let's click next.
OK here we're going to define our project.
If you're familiar with MAVEN you have to define a group and you have to give an artifact name for your
project.
Don't worry if you don't know what artifact or group is we're going to get to that in the main section.
So for now you can just use combed that example demo and we're going to select a Mavin project and for
packaging we're going to use Jarre not war because that's why you and springboard exist.
And we're going to use Java one that ate and language is of course Jawa.
So you can just leave everything as is and we can click next.
And as you can see we have lots of dependencies here to choose from.
In our feature applications we're going to choose lots of different dependencies.
But for now for our first project we're just going to use a web.
And now let's click next.
We're going to just define our project details for the module location file locations cetera.
So our project name for demo is just fine and for location you can choose any location in your computer.
It's all up to you.
So for the module name we just going to have to change it to our root module so we can have all our
projects under a certain directory.
So let's just copy that.
If your content route and module location isn't like this this structure you just have to replace it.
Or you can have different modules and different routes for every other project that we're going to develop.
It's all up to you.
I'm just trying to use a commission here.
It's not something that's paramount importance so we can now just create our project.
And now let's click Finish
as you can see.
Intel provides us some useful tips when the application starts.
You can learn lots of different options and lots of different great features of intelligence right here.
So I'd just suggest you dat don't close that right.
Yes.
And how it open whenever you use the intelligence.
So let's close this and check out our project structure.
As you can see May one says that projects need to be imported.
So what this says is that whenever you change the structure of your maven Let's say you add a new dependency
to your project or you do anything else just change your Maimon file.
The Palm file what auto import does that is fetches the dependencies that you changed and maybe removes
the one that you get rid of all sorts of things as handled by this auto import option.
So I highly encourage you to do that.
So let's do that now.
And as you can see Intel is resolving dependencies of demo.
Now let's take out the structure of our code our source file has two subdirectories.
One is the main and the other one is a test.
Maine has all the implementation all the actual code you write and the test is for unit testing.
So now let's just go to Jawa And here we have the D-Mo. application.
This is what's printing all that generates this class is going to be our starting point for our spring
boot application as you can see.
And as we've talked about this before spring boot has its own notation.
It's spring boot application and notation as you can see here.
Into resources files you can see that be how application up properties and it's empty now.
So how do we run this application to run your application.
All you have to do is just run
as you can see our first application is starting
OK.
Our application started.
That's great.
It's running on port ADHD.
All right we've started our very first application isn't that great.
But as you can see it's just doing nothing currently.
So that's how something running and see our application in the action to do that.
And the just for the purpose of this Tauriel I'm just going to create a new class in here and have a
controller to say or request let's create an anonymous class and expose it as a web method.
So now let's create a controller
and have a method that's going to return a string and it's going to say hello to have this class as
a weapon.
At first we start saying that it's a risk controller
and we have to give it a path.
Ruth that and that's going to be request mapping and request mapping.
We say the path is going to be just a backslash.
So what this method is going to do is that it's going to take a string as an argument and just return
that hello and whatever you name it.
OK so let's just expose this method as a web method to do that.
We're going to use request mapping again and say Our method is going to be hello and we say that hello
and we're going to get the name as the argument
OK.
And this method is going to be a get method OK it's there.
So now there's just one thing left that we have to do we have to say that this string argument is going
to be a path variable so that we can get it from the path.
And to say that it's an actual path where you will we're going to use the parameter.
So we're going to say that this is going to be mapped with that name.
OK.
So we're good to go around the application
Ok it's up.
And as you can see our new method is mapped as a get method.
And with the test controller so to test this out I'm just going to fire up the Firefox.
So let's just go to our application let's say localhost ADHD and Hello.
So this is our roof.
That and we have to pass a parameter.
You can just use your name anything and I'm just going to use mine.
And let's hit enter.
Here we go.
We have our first spring Boot application open running.